---

layout: "post"
title: "The 6th International Cross-Border E-commerce Forum – Kasghar China and Gilgit Pakistan"
date: "2023-07-19 07:30:09 +0000"
featured_image: "/wp-content/uploads/2023/07/the-6th-cbec-forum-banner-gilgit-kashgar.jpg"
categories:
  - "CBEC Forums"
  - "Events"
---
<p>In 2018, Huazhong Agricultural University launched the “Belt and Road” China-Pakistan International Forum on Cross-border E-commerce with the theme of cross-border e-commerce development and agricultural digital services. The purpose is to promote mutual exchanges between relevant governments, universities, enterprises, associations, and research institutions in countries and regions along the “Belt and Road” and to solve the development problems of “Belt and Road” cross-border e-commerce. At the same time, it will help promote the better and faster development of the “Belt and Road” cross-border e-commerce, especially the development of China-Pakistan cross-border e-commerce. On the one hand, the forum conducts academic discussions and exchanges on cross-border e-commerce. On the other hand, it makes full use of the resources of overseas students from the two places and uses universities as the medium to solve the problem of lack of trust in the process of cross-border e-commerce, thereby improving the cross-border efficiency of relevant regions. This year (August 2023), Huazhong Agricultural University and Karakoram International University jointly launched the “2023 6th ‘Belt and Road’ Cross-border E-commerce International Forum”.</p>



<h1 class="wp-block-heading">Organizers and Sponsors</h1>



<p><strong>Organizers</strong></p>



<p>College of Economics and Management, Huazhong Agricultural University</p>



<p>Kashgar Regional Bureau of Commerce</p>



<p>Longnan E-Commerce Development Bureau</p>



<p><strong>Co-organizers</strong></p>



<p>College of Electronic Commerce, Longnan Teachers College</p>



<p>Department of International Regional Development, Taobao Education</p>



<p>Alibaba.com Ganqingning Branch</p>



<p>Kashgar Young Entrepreneurs Association</p>



<p>Longnan Electronic Commerce Association</p>



<p><strong>Sponsors</strong></p>



<p>Huazhong Agricultural University (Wuhan, China)</p>



<p>Kashi University (Xinjiang China)</p>



<p>Karakoram International University (Pakistan)</p>



<h1 class="wp-block-heading">Interested in the Forum? </h1>



<p>Please register using the form below. We will get back to you as soon as possible.</p>



<div class="wp-block-jetpack-contact-form" style="padding-top:16px;padding-right:16px;padding-bottom:16px;padding-left:16px">











</div>
